Two-Way References (#426)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/en/docs/col-refs.md

*![Add reference value](images/column-ref-add-value.png)*
{: .screenshot-half }

## Creating a two-way Reference

> By default, new reference columns are created as a one-way reference, meaning that the reference is only shown in a single column in the table you have added it in. Grist also allows you to configure a reference column as a two-way reference, meaning that the reference will be shown in the column you initially added in the source table and as a reverse reference column in the referenced table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, new reference columns are created as one-way references, meaning that the references are only shown in a single column in the table you have added it in. Grist also allows you to configure a reference column with two-way references, meaning that the references will be shown in the column you initially added in the source table and in a reverse reference column in the referenced table.
```

For example, we can make the existing reference column, **Client**, a two-way reference. Under the 'Column' tab of the Creator Panel, select 'Add two-way reference'.

*![two-way-ref](images/columns/two-way-ref.png)*

> This creates a reference column in the referenced table, *Clients*. Because there could be multiple projects for a single client, the **Projects** column is a [Reference List](col-types.md#reference-list-columns). An update made in one reference column will be reflected in the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a reverse reference column in the referenced table, *Clients*. Because there could be multiple projects for a single client, the **Projects** column is a [Reference List](col-types.md#reference-list-columns). An update made in a reference column will be reflected in the corresponding reverse reference column.
```
